NFWMB 
Bianey, She’s really all I ever wish for?
But realistically, I know she’s way out of my league, she deserves someone way better. 
But this woman. The way she got me spun around her fingers, there is nothing I wouldnt do for her. 

She’s The funniest person, always able to make me smile, always knowing what to say, always having me smiling at my phone like a dumbass. 

Ive always really really enjoyed her company, even before anything, our daily voicenotes were the fucking peak of my day, I would make sure I was driving home alone just to be able to listen to the 1-4 minutes of voice messages she sent speaking about her day, and for me to send one back.
I was extremely happy when I found out about session and was able to have her download it, it meant that I wouldnt lose my friend, it meant Id still have my favorite person to speak to every day. Was the best decision ever.

Back when I was just joining the military , during those 50 days. Bee was the person I was honest with the most before, and was the first person I checked my phone for messages from when I got out. And she didnt fucking disappoint, I still remember the tears in my eyes as I opened the chat to see a gazillion snaps, voicenotes, texts , telling me about everything, talking to me like I was replying every day, It was the best thing ever, to know I was cared for, I was loved, This still means the world to me up until rn, and I would take a bullet for her JUST for that alone.

I remember Ryan adding me to that groupchat, for the NFT, I thought she was really friendly, really nice, And I dont know It just was a weird connection, never ever was it a “Oh its a business deal” with her. Even though that was the whole point of the group chat. 
I remember texting margot back then like “I bought an nft for someone and Im selling it back for payment plans and not going to profit” “I dont know why Im doing it but Im happy doing it”

17/09/2025:
I am madly in love with her, just thinking about her changes my mood 180 degrees, I love her so fucking much that, as much as it fucking stabs me in my heart to even say this, she deserves so goddamn much much more than anything I can EVER be, she deserves a manlier man, one who isnt halfway across the world, with unclear future, although I would for real walk up and down mountains for her if she so as much thought about it, I would take a bullet for her fr, Id do ANYTHING for her, but she’s way out of my league and too good to even look my way honestly, but Im blessed with even having her in any capacity. I genuinely think I have never ever been this much in love with someone, I want bianey. But I dont know if thats mutual.